Add the Large Instances working group to the description (#2)
openedx/wg-devops: README.md

- Communication: [Developer Experience](https://discuss.openedx.org/c/working-groups/dev-experience) working group forum category and #wg-developer-experience Slack channel.
- Issue management: [Developer Experience working group](https://github.com/orgs/openedx/projects/37)

### Large Instances working group

- General information: [Large Instances workspace](https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/COMM/pages/3655008783/Large+Instances+-+DevOps+Sub-Working+Group)
- Communication: [bi-weekly meeting](https://discuss.openedx.org/t/deploying-open-edx-on-kubernetes-using-helm/8771), [DevOps](https://discuss.openedx.org/c/operators/7) forum category, [#wg-devops](https://openedx.slack.com/channels/wg-devops) Slack channel.

> - Issue management: [Large Instances working group](https://github.com/orgs/openedx/projects/42/views/2)

Author: FYI I created the project as a view on the DevOps project board: https://github.com/orgs/openedx/projects/42

> This group leads the Harmony Kubernetes project, used to deploy Open edX via Helm & Tutor: https://github.com/openedx/tutor-contrib-multi

Reviewer: Can you replace by the new project name?

Author: @regisb Sure - since the name was not yet changed when I opened this PR, I had kept the original repo URL (which would then be redirected to the new name), but now that the name change is done, you're right that it's worth using the final URL:

```suggestion
This group leads the Harmony Kubernetes project, used to deploy Open edX via Helm & Tutor: https://github.com/openedx/openedx-k8s-harmony
```

- DevOps ["good first issues"](https://github.com/openedx/wg-devops/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Agood-first-issue)
- Build/Test/Release [bugs](https://github.com/openedx/build-test-release-wg/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug)
- Developer Experience ["good first issues"](https://github.com/openedx/wg-developer-experience/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Agood-first-issue)

> - Large Instances ["good first issues"](https://github.com/orgs/openedx/projects/42/views/3)

Author: Note: the label doesn't exist yet, and I can't create it for that repo, but once https://github.com/openedx/terraform-github/issues/51 is completed we should be able to list the labelled tickets there without changing this URL.
